README.md, before:

# Netflix GPT

  - Create React App
  - Configured Tailwind Css
  - Header
  - Routing of App
  - Login Form
  - Sign Up Form
  - Form Validation
  - useRef Hook
  - Firebase Setup
  - Deploying our app to production
  - Create Signup user account
  - Implement Sign In user api
  - Created Redux Store with user slice
  - Implemented Sign out
  - Update Profile
  - BugFix: Sign up user displayName and profile picture update
  - BugFix: if the user is not logged in Redirect /browse to Login Page and vice-versa
  - Unsubscibed to the onAuthStateChanged callback
  - Add hardcoded values to the constants file
  - Regiter TMDB API & create an app & get access token
  - Get Data from TMDB now playing movies list API
  - Custom Hook for Now Playing Movies
  - Create movieSlice
  - Update Store with movies Data
  - Planning for MainContauiner & secondary container
  - Fetch Data for Trailer Video
  - Update Store with Trailer Video Data
  - Embedded the Yotube video and make it autoplay and mute
  - Tailwind Classes to make Main Container look awesome

# Features
  - Login/Sign Up
    - Sign In /Sign up Form
    - redirect to Browse Page
  - Browse (after authentication)
    - Header
    - Main Movie
      - Tailer in Background
      - Title & Description
      - MovieSuggestions
      - MovieLists * N
  - NetflixGPT
    - Search Bar
    - Movie Suggestions

Commit message:

made config and gpt slice along language config for gpt page and started integrating gpt

README.md, after:

# Netflix GPT

  - Create React App
  - Configured Tailwind Css
  - Header
  - Routing of App
  - Login Form
  - Sign Up Form
  - Form Validation
  - useRef Hook
  - Firebase Setup
  - Deploying our app to production
  - Create Signup user account
  - Implement Sign In user api
  - Created Redux Store with user slice
  - Implemented Sign out
  - Update Profile
  - BugFix: Sign up user displayName and profile picture update
  - BugFix: if the user is not logged in Redirect /browse to Login Page and vice-versa
  - Unsubscibed to the onAuthStateChanged callback
  - Add hardcoded values to the constants file
  - Regiter TMDB API & create an app & get access token
  - Get Data from TMDB now playing movies list API
  - Custom Hook for Now Playing Movies
  - Create movieSlice
  - Update Store with movies Data
  - Planning for MainContauiner & secondary container
  - Fetch Data for Trailer Video
  - Update Store with Trailer Video Data
  - Embedded the Yotube video and make it autoplay and mute
  - Tailwind Classes to make Main Container look awesome
  - Build Secondary Component
  - Build Movie List
  - build Movie Card
  - TMDB Image CDN URL
  - Made the Browsre page amazing with Tailwind CSS
  - usePopularMovies Custom hook
  - Created custom hook for fetching movies genre and to fetch movies according to different genres


# Features
  - Login/Sign Up
    - Sign In /Sign up Form
    - redirect to Browse Page
  - Browse (after authentication)
    - Header
    - Main Movie
      - Tailer in Background
      - Title & Description
      - MovieSuggestions
      - MovieLists * N
  - NetflixGPT
    - Search Bar
    - Movie Suggestions
